New feature: SDK cached gameserver (#1642)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Guides/Client SDKs/_index.md

For language specific documentation, have a look at the respective source (linked above), 
and the {{< ghlink href="examples" >}}examples{{< /ghlink >}}.

> You can use `GameServerCaching` feature passed as a feature gate if you want a `GameServer` to be returned right after `GameServerFeature` is called.

Reviewer: Can we also wrap this is a feature shortcode, so it only shows up in the next release please :+1: 

```suggestion
You can use `GameServerCaching` feature passed as a feature gate if you want a `GameServer` to be returned right after `SDK.WatchGameServer(...)` is called.
```

Might also want to link to  https://agones.dev/site/docs/guides/feature-stages/#feature-gates here as well for information on how to turn this on.
